hi guys so yes I am wearing a short
short wig this is something very very
different for me I said I would just try
something different this summer um I
have worn short wigs before back in the
day so I'm revisiting the short wig look
so let me tell you what I'm wearing on
my head I feel like my hair is late like
joseline Hernandez from Love & Hip Hop
Atlanta so this is my joseline inspired
hair I don't know everybody a lot of
people say they don't like the short
week on joseline I like it but she's
absolutely gorgeous so she can get away
with wearing any hairstyles
she has a very very pretty face so let
me tell you what I'm wearing this is a
Vanessa wig
and it's called Gretta and I have her in
the color number two and is from The
Fifth Avenue collection so this is the
tag I don't have the box I think when I
saw it and tried it on I fell in love
with it in the store and I was like
trash the packaging I'm wearing this out
but yeah it's um the color number two
it's a synthetic unit and it has this
additional tag Fifth Avenue collection
cone free and it's just that it's cone
free you only need your fingers to style
this unit when I tried it on at first I
thought I was gonna look like Bernie's
Jenkins with this wig on but I think is
it's it's very cute and stylish and
modern this is not just your traditional
old lady short wig it's not that I
actually really really like it my
boyfriend hasn't seen this on my head
yet I can't wait to see what he has to
say about this cuz his face
going to be priceless um as he likes
long hair he likes my Dreamgirl wigs and
this is far from the dream girl but this
is what it is I like it and I thought
something short would be good for my
upcoming trip to Phoenix so I wanted
something appropriate for the weather
and I think having my hair off my neck
would be good for that well let me go
ahead and show you the back of this
unikz I know you want to know what the
back looks like just a cute taper so
yeah I don't know I like it let me know
what you think I'm gonna have me some
fun with this as I have seen myself
rocking different styles of earrings and
cute jewelry I think god I really really
really like this but yeah that's my
spiel on the Vanessa Fifth Avenue
collection Gretta
again this is Greta synthetic in the
color number two let me know what you
think leave a comment like thumbs up
thumbs down share the video I mean let
me know what you think is this for me or
no all right I'm gonna go now see you in
my next video bye